Hugh wants to withdraw yeah yeah
Yeah.
You and I were waiting for you back then
As stupid as the pigs
You're just like those idiots from before
Still want to kill me
You deserve it too hahahaha
I remember the leader was called Li Hu
Do you want to know how he died?
Liu who was stabbed by me at 81
Dry every drop of blood on my body
Finally, he was disappeared by the Grim Reaper
I will re-engrave it on you today.
Let you pariahs of Dragon Kingdom see it too
unscrupulous
inactivity
Romin
What they say is freedom from suffering
He's my brother.
I was killed by these beasts
Chu Tang, don't worry.
Li Hu's Enmity
I will definitely help you pack it.
Didn't he become a waste?
How can there be such a strong wife killer?
Even the dinosaur king is no match for him
Am I suicidal about this trash?
Miss Xu took Chu Tang home
You be careful
Do you know anything?
Soon you will know
You are high up in front of Lu Ming now
How ridiculous
Where is the enchantress